Arcane:

Based on the world behind League of Legends, Arcane dives into the delicate balance between the rich, utopian city of Piltover Crest icon.png Piltover and the seedy, oppressed underground of Zaun Crest icon.png Zaun. Known across Runeterra as the "city of progress," many of the most brilliant minds call these cities home. But the creation of hextech, a way for any person to control magical energy, threatens that balance. The story follows the origins of two iconic League champions-and the power that will tear them apart. Like the game on which it is based, Arcane is aimed at a "16+" audience and will deal with some more adult subject matter.

General Information:
Arcane is an animated television series set in the League of Legends universe. The series was unveiled during the League of Legends 10th Anniversary celebrations. It is currently being developed and produced by Riot and animated by Fortiche Productions in Paris, France. The first season was expected to release in 2020, however it was delayed until 2021 in light of the COVID-19 outbreak.[1] On May 3rd, 2021, it was announced that Arcane would premiere exclusively on Netflix in the fall of 2021.[2] On September 25th, 2021, the release date for the first 3 episodes was revealed to be November 6th, 2021.[3] Episodes were released in three acts, with each act composing of three episodes.[4] Episodes are roughly 40 minutes long.[5] Season 2 of Arcane is currently in production and is expected to premiere some time after 2022

https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/Arcane_(TV_Series)



Loki:

After stealing the Tesseract during the events of Avengers: Endgame (2019), an alternate version of Loki is brought to the mysterious Time Variance Authority (TVA), a bureaucratic organization that exists outside of time and space and monitors the timeline. They give Loki a choice: face being erased from existence due to being a "time variant", or help fix the timeline and stop a greater threat. Loki ends up trapped in his own crime thriller, traveling through time.

General Information:

Tom Hiddleston reprises his role as Loki from the film series, with Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Wunmi Mosaku, Eugene Cordero, Tara Strong, Owen Wilson, Sophia Di Martino, Sasha Lane, Jack Veal, DeObia Oparei, Richard E. Grant, and Jonathan Majors also starring. By September 2018, Marvel Studios was developing a number of limited series for Disney+, centered on supporting characters from the MCU films. A series featuring Hiddleston as Loki was confirmed in November 2018. Waldron was hired in February 2019, and Herron had joined by that August. Filming began in February 2020 in Atlanta, Georgia, but was halted in March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Production resumed that September and completed in December.

Loki premiered on June 9, 2021. Its first season, consisting of six episodes, concluded on July 14 and is part of Phase Four of the MCU. It received positive reviews, with praise for the performances, musical score, and visuals. A second season is in development.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loki_(TV_series)




The Falcon and the Winter Soldier:

Six months after being handed the mantle of Captain America at the end of Avengers: Endgame (2019),[3] Sam Wilson teams up with Bucky Barnes in a worldwide adventure that tests their abilities and their patience.

General information:
Sebastian Stan and Anthony Mackie reprise their respective roles as Bucky Barnes and Sam Wilson from the film series, with Wyatt Russell, Erin Kellyman, Danny Ramirez, Georges St-Pierre, Adepero Oduye, Don Cheadle, Daniel Brühl, Emily VanCamp, Florence Kasumba, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus also starring. By September 2018, Marvel Studios was developing a number of limited series for Disney+, centered on supporting characters from the MCU films such as Wilson and Barnes. Spellman was hired in October, and chose to focus on the racial issues raised by Wilson being handed Captain America's shield at the end of Endgame. The Falcon and the Winter Soldier was confirmed in April 2019, and Skogland was hired the next month. Filming began in October 2019 in Atlanta, Georgia, before moving to the Czech Republic in March 2020. Production was halted due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but resumed in Atlanta in September before wrapping in the Czech Republic in October.

The Falcon and the Winter Soldier premiered on March 19, 2021, and ran for six episodes until April 23. It is part of Phase Four of the MCU. The series received positive reviews, with critics highlighting the actors' chemistry and the series' social commentary but criticizing its pacing. It received five Emmy Award nominations. A fourth Captain America film is in development as a continuation of the series.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Falcon_and_the_Winter_Soldier  




Wanda Vision:

Three weeks after the events of Avengers: Endgame (2019),[1] Wanda Maximoff and Vision are living an idyllic suburban life in the town of Westview, New Jersey, trying to conceal their true natures. As their surroundings begin to move through different decades and they encounter various television tropes, the couple suspects that things are not as they seem.

General information:

WandaVision premiered with its first two episodes on January 15, 2021, and ran for nine episodes, concluding on March 5. It is the first series, and beginning, of Phase Four of the MCU. The series received praise from critics for its recreation of past sitcoms and for the performances of its cast, especially Olsen's, though there was criticism for the finale. It was widely discussed and analyzed by fans based on various popular theories, as well as by commentators for its exploration of grief and nostalgia. The series has received numerous accolades, including 23 Primetime Emmy Award nominations, winning three. WandaVision directly sets up the film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022), in which Olsen reprises her role as Maximoff, while a spin-off series is in development, with Hahn returning as Agatha Harkness and Schaeffer writing and executive producing.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/WandaVision